what is going on everyone happy new year
I thought we'd go big to start off the
new year and seeing that everything's
bigger in Texas we might as well start
2019 off they're the same that
everything is bigger in Texas likely
originated as a reference to the
enormity of the state's geographical
area in terms of square miles
Texas is only second to alaskan size and
it's the largest of the contiguous 48
states others say it has to do with the
rugged and big-hearted people that live
in this great state Texas is a great
state and there's no denying that great
economy great history great sports
entertainment and great cities some of
the country's best cities are in the
state of Texas they also have some
not-so-great towns in this state
sprinkled throughout the Lone Star State
you have towns that seem to have missed
out on that Texas magic and that's what
today's list is all about so sit back
kick off your boots and watch my top ten
Wars towns in Texas number 10 Laoghaire
Texas leery is less than 20 miles away
from the Arkansas border any of you know
anything about Arkansas that's not
always a good thing
leery has about 700 residents who are
bored all the time the town is mainly
used as a truck stop Leary has a
McDonald's a travel stop an RV and truck
wash and a barbecue restaurant if the
residents need anything more they'll
have to venture out to Tex Arkana
which is about 15 minutes away which
isn't too bad of a drive most the time
if you have a californian in front of
you on the highway and they see an
armadillo all bets are off the overall
crime rate in Leary is 48 percent higher
than the national average number 9 elsa
texas elsa is in the southern section of
texas not too far from Mexico and the
Gulf of Mexico else is not a place you
feel safe living in not even a place you
feel safe visiting driving by or looking
at this is because the crime rate is 93
percent higher than the national average
while you're an Elsa you have a 1 in 18
chance of being involved in a violent
crime the year-over-year crime rate has
risen a hundred and four percent this is
one of those places where if a friend
moves to you sort of forget they exist
you normally hide them from your
facebook page because their posts just
get really depressing
number eight Redfield Texas Redfield
Texas has ranked the 16 hundred and
eighty second best place to live in
Texas out of two thousand that's not a
good number
this place isn't the type of place you
move to if you don't like the heat and
it's also a place you don't move to if
you don't like the cold the summer
months can get up in the triple digits
for weeks at a time and the winters can
stain the 30s for weeks at a time that
is not good and the cherry on that
depression Sunday is the crime rate
Redfield's overall crime rate is 77
percent higher than the national average
and statistically their schools suck too
number seven Lorraine Texas between
Abilene and Midland Texas Shuaib
Lorraine Lorraine is a super small town
of only five hundred residents and
there's nothing here worth while this is
the type of place you end up if you were
a total a-hole in a past life you had to
have done something like saying Motley
Crue's shout at the devil in front of
the Pope or something at the Vatican the
overall crime rate in Lorraine is about
65 percent higher than the national
average making the whole town safer than
only about 8 percent of the US cities
while you're in the town you have a 1 in
20 chance of being involved in a crime
and it's just boring here number 6 Lone
Star Texas Lone Star has about 1,800
residents who struggle to make ends meet
or even find a job the unemployment rate
here is 11 percent while the poverty
rate is about 23 percent the good news
is they beat their numbers from 2017 the
unemployment rate then was twelve point
four percent of the residents who do
work they only make an average of
$18,000 a year the good news is it
borders the Ellison Creek Reservoir
which helps if you need to go fishing
for your dinner number five Barstow
Texas Barstow Texas is more depressing
than Barstow California which up until
this week I didn't think was possible
this is the type of place that you see
from the interstate and think to
yourself I could probably make it to the
next gas station and keep driving
Barstow is ranked the 1727 best place to
live in Texas there's something to be
proud of I wonder what the founder of
this little lump of coal and the Texas
Prairie would say if he saw his town
today
I'm sure there'd be a lot of profanity
the poverty level in Barstow is 73
percent higher than the national average
don't live here
number 4 carlsbad texas carlsbad is not
a place you want to live if you care
about your safety or the safety of the
people around you I would be concerned
about my goldfishes safety in Carlsbad
Texas the population is only about 800
with the overall crime rate being around
79 percent higher than the national
average while you're in the city limits
you have a 1 in 21 chance of being
involved in a violent crime in Carlsbad
Texas no data on goldfish crime but I'm
sure it's high number three Detroit
Texas Detroit Texas isn't as bad as some
of the other towns on this list
it's actually ranked the thirteen
hundred and seventy second best place to
live in Texas god that was rough that's
not good what else isn't good is the
crime and poverty stats the crime rate
in Detroit is 48 percent higher than the
national average and the poverty rate in
Detroit is forty percent higher than the
national average what got them on this
list is they couldn't come up with an
original name I mean come on I know a
lot of places in the country are named
after other places but this is bad if
you're gonna pick a name for a place
why Detroit Detroit sucks right now but
it was never great whoever named it must
have named all the places all along us
82 our towns that ripped off other
places name you got Paris Texas Reno
Texas and New Boston Texas probably the
most insulting of all of them number two
more station Texas more station is out
in the Prairie southeast of Dallas aways
that's the best part about this place
your only one Greyhound bus trip away
from a new life I have a friend who told
me all about this place she grew up in
Chandler Texas which isn't too far away
from Moore station she explained that
this place is the backwoods type place
the type of place a first cousin is
considered a good option for a full
service prom date those are her words I
have to admit I will probably use the
phrase full service prom date any chance
I get the rest of my life
that was great crime is out of control
here the crime rate is actually 77
percent higher than the national average
if less than four hundred people how
come they can't get it together
and number one la presa Texas now this
one's a sad story this little area south
of Laredo was started in the early 1970s
when a company bought some land from a
developer the company starts selling off
tracts of land now here's where the bad
news started company didn't survey the
land and the sleazy salesman took it a
step further the normal sleazy salesman
start breaking off the Lots in little
areas and they were never surveyed they
were overlapping and some people own
parts of each other's land it's just a
big nightmare and it has been for about
40 some-odd years now since they can't
get utilities the community in some
cases banded together and like ran
extension cords to the houses that were
unable to get utilities it just went on
forever so basically for forty some odd
years some of the people from la presa
lived without electricity potable water
and adequate sewage around 2010 some of
the houses started receiving power and
sewage and water from a project started
by some state officials the press that
has a long way to go and this one's like
a tragedy these people have been living
like early settlers for about forty some
odd years like I said but hopefully
someday they'll turn it around I don't
know it's out in the boondocks you never
know I think you should probably just
pick up and move that's what I would do
alright see that's my top 10 worst small
towns in Texas hope you guys enjoyed it
there's a lot of other towns in Texas
that could've gone
this but these are probably the top ten
I found hope you guys enjoyed the list
don't forget all the links below leave
me comments tell me I missed one that
you think should have it on here I'd
love to hear it everybody have a great
day
be nice to each other